Welcome to thisdemo, where we'll see theDiscovery architecture tool in action. We already have a seriesof apps in our environment. Let's start byinstalling Discovery from Forge. Search for the Discovery component. . . and install it!Wait for the installation to finish. Now, let's openDiscovery and do a walkthrough. Discovery's initialscreen provides an overview ofall apps and modules in the environment. At first, you might not see anydata.  Wait a bit and refresh whileDiscovery does the initial loading. After that, we can now seethe total number of apps. . . and the number of modules. Below, we also havethe findings that havebeen detected for both apps and modules. We have findings for apps. . . and also for modules. We'll see these in more detail next. If we navigate to the Module Canvas. . . we can see all the modules. Modules were automaticallycategorized into a specificlayer based on naming conventions. In each module, you can see thenumber of consumer modules and producers. Clicking on each arrow reveals thelist of elements that are referenced. When a finding exists, youwill see an indication of that,as it happens in this case. Clicking it reveals whichelements are causing the finding. All of this information willhelp you understand the overallarchitecture of your apps and modules. As mentioned before, themodules were categorized automatically,but how?The way modules arecategorized can be configured. In this screen, youcan customize the existingnaming conventions or add your own. If you change theconfiguration, you canrun the auto classification for modules. Just click the 'Auto Classify' button. You can also fine tune theclassification on your own. On each module, you canchange the layer defined. The architecturewill be revalidated basedon the rules of the Architecture Canvas. If we move to the apps view. . . Here, the view is similar tothe one we saw for modules before,although here we see apps. Another important feature ofDiscovery is that it works based on snapshots. Therefore, if you needto refresh the analysis,simply capture a newsnapshot of the environment. That's it!Explore Discovery and keep thenumber of findings close to zero. See you at the next lesson. 