Welcome!In this lesson, we willexplain why it is important todesign a good application architecture. To get there, we will talk aboutwhat building quality software means andexplore the typical issues that surfacewhen architectural concerns are lacking. Why is applicationarchitecture important whenbuilding quality software solutions?If we go back to1991, the InternationalStandards Organization(ISO), and the InternationalElectrotechnical Commission(IEC), put together a standardon the quality of software solutions. This standard includedseveral different dimensions. Usability from thepoint of view of the users. Functionality as a set offunctions that satisfy needs. Efficiency, whichrelates the performanceto the amount of resources used. Maintainability, which relates tothe effort needed to make modifications. Portability, which defines the abilityto move software between environments. And Reliability, which ensuresthat a software solution can maintainits performance over a period of time. Later on, in 2011,the standard was updated. Security was added toensure that software solutionscan protect information and data. Compatibility was also added as away to ensure that a piece of softwarecan work together with other systems. Building qualitysoftware is important, and allof these dimensions are quite relevant. Having a well-definedsoftware architecture allows you tothink ahead in all of these dimensions. So what are some of thetypical issues that arisedue to a lack of architectural concerns?When services forcore business concepts arenot correctly isolated andabstracted, less code reuse exists,and business rules tend tobe spread all over the place. Dependencies betweensystems that are notcorrectly isolated become unmanageable. Updating or replacing a system has asnowball effect on the remaining parts. When we change one thing inthe code, another part breaks. Legacy systems tend totake longer to change and adaptto the different needs and requirements. Sometimes the technology isobsolete, and the core information accumulatedcan obstruct its replacement. Without a good plan andwell-defined application architecture,you can end up with what wemight call a "Spaghetti Architecture. "Such systems can hinder futurechanges as they become less flexibleand much more difficult to manage. One small change in one component . . . often creates aseries of complex, cascadingeffects on the other components. Sometimes this is also known as'tightly coupled architecture,'or 'brittle architecture. 'So, why is architecture important?If you spend time thinkingabout and discussing architecture,it will increase awareness andunderstanding of the solution. It also helps createcommon ground among allthe people and teams that are involved. The project complexitybecomes more evident asthe different systems get represented. An appropriate level ofabstraction in modelinghelps to reduce the emergingcomplexity by focusing on the relevant propertiesand omitting irrelevant detail, thusleading to a simpler representation. By managing the complexity, youmay actually reduce the overall risk. We need to evaluate asystem's architecture for its capacityto support the quality attributesthat meet the organization's goals. Architecture evaluation is acost-effective way of mitigatingsubstantial risks and ensuring success. Thinking about the complexity and therisks will help you support planning. This way, you will do a better jobanticipating and building solutionsthat will be better understood. As you are goingthrough the building process,it can also facilitate change. When something comesup that requires you toveer from the original design or path,the architecture of your system can showyou exactly what needs to change andhelp with communication and planning. Finally, all thesebenefits can help youreduce the overall cost of your project. As you can see, spendingtime thinking about architecturecan provide a lot of different benefits. These benefits are not onlytechnical, they also affect how you operate,and the overallvisibility of how you build things. In the next lesson,we will introduce youto the OutSystems Architecture Canvas. 