In this lesson, you will beintroduced to the architecture design process. This three-step process will help youdesign your application architecture. It is fundamental to align yourarchitecture with your business goals. Business must orient architecture,so business needs and concepts shouldbe properly translated into Modules. This strategy allows the Modulesto evolve and scale with business,while ensuring independentlifecycles between different lines of business. The three steps forarchitecture design are Disclose,Organize, and Assemble. The first step iswhere business concepts,integration needs, and non-functionalrequirements are disclosed. Identifying relevant userstories can achieve this disclosure. Understanding who willinteract or access the application,what the roles are,and the kind of differentactions each person can perform arealso important questions to answer. Analyzing existingdocumentation, or simply by having aconversation with businessstakeholders will also add valuable context. The information architecture asrecognized by the business users. Either talking with theusers or analyzing an existingsystem that you are going to augmentor replace will help you get a clearview of the information architecture. We need to understandthe integration technologythat will be involved in the project. So it's important to disclosewhat information will be consumedfrom external sources or systems. It is also important todisclose the needed integrations. The type of API,communication protocol,I/O structure, message headers,and others. User experience is another key factor. Will accessibility be a requirement?What types of channels are planned?Is this a mobile-onlyapp, or also a web app?Different roles might useor require different channels,which results in adifferent user experience. It is important to disclose as manyconcepts from the beginning as possible. As the project movesforward, you might end up disclosingmore concepts and finding more details. Missing major concepts atthe beginning might compromisethe future of your applications,leading to complex refactoring later on. From the Disclosestep, we move to Organize. Here, concepts will be added tothe layers of the Architecture Canvas. As you startorganizing concepts, you canactually disclose some more concepts. In the end, bothDisclose and Organize work intandem and require a bit of iteration. Interface-related concepts andprocesses are placed at the end-user layer. Core business conceptsend up in the core layer. While integration needs andnon-functional requirements shouldbe placed in the foundation layer. Keep in mind that during theDisclose and Organize steps,we are still talking about concepts,not Modules nor application artifacts. The third and final step is whereconcepts are assembled into Modules. In this step, you shouldfollow a few principles. The concepts that relateto others should be joined. For instance, if theconcepts Customer andClaim are related, theyshould be joined into the same Module. However, conceptswith different lifecyclesshould be split into differentModules, even if they are related. For example, the Customer andContract concepts can be related,but if you realize that some ofthe customers don't have a contract,it means they have differentlifecycles and therefore shouldn't be joined. The third principle says to isolatereusable logic from integration logic. Reusable logic should beisolated in the core layer,while integration logicends up in the foundation layer. This protects the reusable core logicfrom external system changes by keepingthem independent from each other. Finally, whenpossible, you should applyknown architectural design patterns. In the beginning, thismay not be 100% clear,but as you move on you'll getto know more patterns and definea better and more robust architecture. Once you complete the process, youend up with an "architecture blueprint. "The blueprint shows eachModule in the corresponding layer. From there, you should now addthe dependencies between Modules. Doing so gives you aninitial idea of what they need andhow each Module relates to the others. During the project,you need to keep iteratingthe three steps of the process. As you disclose newconcepts, you need to organizethem and assemble them into the canvas. In the next lesson, we'llput this process into practice. 